so the topic for today's video is
something that many golfers struggle
with and we're talking about a and how
many times have you hit a golf shot on
the course it was a fantastic shot but
your aim was off what we're gonna cover
that we're gonna show you how you can
aim perfectly every time so welcome back
to the Forest of Arden where we're
talking about how you can aim yourself
out on the golf course to make sure that
you hit better at golf shots now just
we'll get started if you're not a
subscriber to my channel it is
absolutely free and it just means you'll
be notified when I upload a video which
is three times each week and we're
covering a variety of topics from short
game to driver to course management and
various other topics as well so make
sure you click the link in the
description box down below or the one at
the end of the video join my channel and
we can help you play some better golf
aiming not easy many of you watching
this might be thinking that is exactly
me I play golf and numerous amounts of
times where I've hit a beautiful golf
shot miss degree into maybe the left or
the right and the playing partners I'm
playing we say well that's exactly where
you're aiming so the shot was good it
was the aim which is off now the first
thing we have to say is that aiming
isn't easy you know lots of golfers I
see you know in a coaching Bay kind of
talk about aim as if it should be really
easy you know why can't I just aim at
the target well it isn't easy because
we're standing to the side of the golf
ball if you were to imagine that you
were using a rifle you're trying to
shoot a rifle it's incredibly difficult
to aim that rifle from here you'd want
to be looking straight down the barrel
well we can't in golf you know so when
you're stood behind mostly you just see
where you're playing partners are aiming
when you still to the side much more
difficult to establish where you're
aiming however there's a few things that
we can do now just what we get into that
we are going to use the flag on this
particular hole as what we're trying to
aim at but just spare in mind that when
you're on the golf course it might not
be the flag you might be aiming left of
the green rise the green and especially
that's going to be the case if you're a
golfer who plays with some curves so
let's say I'm a golfer who generally has
a fade or a slice I'm not going to be
aiming at that flag I'm going to be
picking something that's maybe 10 15
yards left of that so this video isn't
really gonna be covering what's a mat
that's a little bit for you to establish
on your own once you've picked that
target the ideas here are going to be
how we actually aim so the first thing I
would do is I would start from behind
my golf ball and as we said we're gonna
rain directly at this flag here and what
I'm doing when I'm looking from here is
I'm trying to imagine a line on the
ground which runs from my ball directly
to that flag and then what I'm trying to
do is within probably the first you know
maybe five feet of that line I'm trying
to pick some little marks on the ground
which that line kind of goes through so
it's gonna go just left of this little
divot here it's gonna go just right of
that divot there and then I'm really
starting to pick those points that are
on my target line now we call those
intermediate targets because I'm seeing
my line going through here and through
here I've got some intermediate targets
now once I've done that theoretically I
never ever have to look at the target
again because I can just align my
clubface to those intermediate targets
now we do want to check that we're
aiming correctly there we're going to
come to that in a minute but once I've
done that the first thing I'm going to
then do is make sure that I'm aimed at
my intermediate target so again I'm
still visualizing that line on the
ground and I mainly my club face toward
my intermediate targets once I've got my
clubface set I'm then going to build my
stance around that now what I'm trying
to look for here is two parallel lines
the line that I'm seeing on the ground
which is through my intermediate targets
and making sure that matches the line
that goes across my toes now when we
look at a and we often see the feet you
know when you look at your playing
partners you often say your feet we're a
band right your feet roaming left it's
actually more important where your upper
body is aiming so I can actually have
you know my feet perfectly in position
but if my upper bodies twisted in this
fashion that's gonna send me more over
towards the right and vice-versa
I was also left so when we thinking
about our body being parallel to that
target line try and make sure that's
toes knees hips and shoulders now I have
a tendency to get my shoulders a bit
left so when I play I'm aware of that
because it's really important for me
that I get my shoulders Square to my
target so once we've set the clubface
we've built a stance theoretically we
should be aiming towards a target the
warm to check that now we've just spoken
about a parallel lines what happens when
I take my starting position and I look
at the target this way
well my eyes have now gone pretty much
horizontal now all I see is I see that
target and I see lots of stuff around
that target that doesn't give me a
particularly good appreciation of where
I was aiming so one of the looks that
you have towards your target if I just
get myself set up again one of your
looks should be a head rotation because
what that's going to do is going to take
your eyes which are also parallel to
your target line and your head rotation
is gonna take your eyes directly up that
line that's gonna give me a much better
sense of where my body was aligned so if
I have myself out to the right this way
if I look at the target this way I don't
really see that being is any different
to the previous look but when I actually
rotate my head from here straight away I
see kind of right of that bunker it
gives me much better perspective where
aiming and that's really what we need to
do when we're aiming is be at a really
established where we are Amy because
that's the that's the skill that's the
bit that we find difficult so those are
the things that I want you to try and do
next time you play number one is pick an
intermediate target on the line that you
want
number two is to get the golf club set
at that intermediate target number three
is build your stance around that line
making sure with parallel and then
number four is to make sure one of your
looks is a head rotation that looks
pretty good to me make sure the
shoulders are square and now I can hit
that shot hopefully straight at that
flag and that's probably about 10 15
feet left of the flag but it's on the
green I'll be happy with that I've got
myself a birdie putt and the reason that
ball is close is because the swing was
good but my aim was good as well if my
aim wasn't as good no matter how good
the swing would be the result wouldn't
be like that one so make sure you're
aiming correctly out in the golf course
it's a skill that you need to practice
don't assume that it should be just a
given that we can all aim it's difficult
many golfers struggle but using those
tips of advice you can make sure you're
aiming better next time you play and
you're gonna hopefully it better golf
shots lower your scores more birdies all
that kind of stuff which we want to do
out on the course right thank you
virtual watchin usual stuff is down
below comments box down there there's a
like button and also over here my little
logo click that that will allow you to
your free subscriber and you
miss any of the future videos Thanks